Update time_bucket_ng() docs for the upcoming 2.6.0 release (#652)
timescale/docs: api/time_bucket_ng.md

<highlight type="warning">
Experimental features could have bugs! They might not be backwards compatible,

> and could be removed in future releases. When this function is no longer 
> experimental, you need to delete and rebuild any continuous aggregate 
> that uses it. Use experimental features at your own risk, and do not use 
> any experimental features in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and could be removed in future releases. When this function is no longer experimental, 
you will need to delete and rebuild any continuous aggregate that uses it. 
Use experimental features at your own risk and we do not recommend to use 
any experimental feature in a production environment.
```

> and could be removed in future releases. It will be necessary to delete and
> re-build a CAGG that uses an experimental function when this function will be
> graduated from the experimental schema. Use these features at your own risk,
> and do not use any experimental features in production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and could be removed in future releases. When this function is no longer 
experimental, you need to delete and rebuild any continuous aggregate 
that uses it. Use experimental features at your own risk, and do not use 
any experimental features in production.
```
